/*
In java either the attributes or methods are public or static.

If a method is created using static, it can be accessed within a class without creating an object of the class.
But public can only be accessed with the help of an object.

Class can be either Public or Default.

Access modifier:
Public -is an access modifier. Public is accessed by all classes.
Default - can only be accessed by classes within the same package.
Private - can be accessed within in the same declared class.
protected - can be accessed within in the same package and sub-classes.

Non-Access modifier:
final - once associated to an identifier/method, it cannot be inherited or modified.
abstract - abstract is used for class and methods. Abstract method can only be created under an abstract class.
An abstract method does not have a body and is provided by the subclass.
** abstract cannot used for a modifier but just for methods and classes.

Interface is similar to an abstract class, have empty methods which are defined by the inherited/implemented class.
The only difference between inheritence, it's called by keyword 'implements' instead of 'extends'. Just like abstract class
, interface cannot be used to create an object.

Java doesn't support multiple Inheritance but multiple inheritance can be achieved through implementing multiple interfaces.

Enums are kind of classes which have identifiers not going to change.

The ArrayList class has a regular array inside it. When an element is added, it is placed into the array. If the array is not
big enough, a new, larger array is created to replace the old one and the old one is removed.

The LinkedList stores its items in "containers." The list has a link to the first container and each container has a link
to the next container in the list. To add an element to the list, the element is placed into a new container and that
container is linked to one of the other containers in the list.

In a HashMap collection, the data are stored in key value pairs. It can store different types: String keys and Integer values,
or the same type, like: String keys and String values:

In a HashSet, every item needs to be unique and even if duplicate items are entered, they are not returned. HashSet does NOT
store in key, value pairs.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Point to note:
- you can call system.out.println from the class without defining a method and calling from within the method.
- you can create an object of the class without defining the void main method.
- It is best to use a LinkedList when you only use the list by looping through it instead of accessing random items.
*/